Updated roadmap page in the public documentation. (#8865)
backstage/backstage: docs/overview/roadmap.md

The list order doesn’t necessarily reflect priority, and the development/release
cycle will vary based on maintainer schedules.

### Backstage 1.0 (and following versions)

> During the first quarter of 2022 we plan to finalize and release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the first quarter of 2022, we plan to finalize and release
```

version 1.0 of the Backstage platform (defined by the Core,
[Catalog](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/software-catalog-overview),
[Scaffolder](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-templates/software-templates-index)
and [TechDocs](https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/techdocs-overview)).
Included as part of this milestone:

- Deciding on the cadence of minor/weekly/daily releases to provide clarity on the frequency
  and expectations for future versions of the platform and its defining modules.
- Establish the support model to set the expectations from the adopters in their
  respective use cases.

### Backstage Security Audit

This initiative is the first of a broader Security Strategy for Backstage. The

> purpose of the Security Audit is to involve third party companies in auditing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
purpose of the Security Audit is to involve third-party companies in auditing
```

> the platform and highlighting potential vulnerabilities (if there are any). The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the platform and highlighting potential vulnerabilities. The
```
The word potential does all of the work here.

> benefit for the adopters is clear: we want Backstage to be as secure as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
benefit for the adopters is clear: We want Backstage to be as secure as
```

> possible and we want to make it reliable through a specific initiative. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible, and we want to make it reliable through a specific initiative. This
```

> initiative in particular is done together (and with the support of) the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initiative in particular is done together, and with the support of, the
```

[Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io/).

### Moving to Incubation in CNCF

The progress of the request can be seen
[here](https://github.com/cncf/toc/pull/717).

## Future work

> The following feature list doesn’t represent a commitment to develop and the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following feature list doesn’t represent a commitment to develop, and the
```

> list order doesn’t reflect any priority or importance. But these features are on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list order doesn’t reflect any priority or importance, but these features are on
```

the maintainers’ radar, with clear interest expressed by the community.

- **Backend Services:** To better scale and maintain the Backstage instances, a
  backend layer of services is planned to be introduced as part of the software
  architecture. This layer of backend services will help in decoupling the

>   various modules (Catalog and Scaffolder just to quote some) from the front-end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  various modules (e.g. Catalog and Scaffolder) from the frontend
```
frontend to be consistent with backend

  experience.
- **Security Plan (and Strategy):** The purpose of the Security Strategy is to

>   move another step ahead along the path of the maturity of the platform,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  move another step along the path to maturing the platform,
```

The list order doesn’t necessarily reflect priority, and the development/release
cycle will vary based on maintainer schedules.

### Backstage 1.0 (and following versions)

> During the first quarter of 2022 it is planned to be finalised and released the

Reviewer 2: suggest, "we plan to finalize" without "be"

version 1.0 of the Backstage platform (defined by the Core,
[Catalog](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-catalog/software-catalog-overview),
[Scaffolder](https://backstage.io/docs/features/software-templates/software-templates-index)
and [TechDocs](https://backstage.io/docs/features/techdocs/techdocs-overview)).
Included as part of this milestone:

> - The cadence of minor/weekly/daily releases to provide clarity on the frequency

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Deciding on the cadence of minor/weekly/daily releases to provide clarity on the frequency
```

something like that? it was unclear to me what was actually going to be done.

  and expectations for future versions of the platform and its defining modules.

> - The support model to set the expectations from the adopters in their

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Establish the support model to set the expectations from the adopters in their
```

  respective use cases.

### Backstage Security Audit

This initiative is the first of a broader Security Strategy for Backstage. The
purpose of the Security Audit is to involve third party companies in auditing
the platform and highlighting potential vulnerabilities (if there are any). The

> benefit for the adopters is clear: we want Backstage to be as much secure as

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
benefit for the adopters is clear: we want Backstage to be as secure as
```

possible and we want to make it reliable through a specific initiative. This
initiative in particular is done together (and with the support of) the
[Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF)](https://www.cncf.io/).

### Moving to Incubation in CNCF

The progress of the request can be seen
[here](https://github.com/cncf/toc/pull/717).

## Future work

The following feature list doesn’t represent a commitment to develop and the
list order doesn’t reflect any priority or importance. But these features are on
the maintainers’ radar, with clear interest expressed by the community.

- **Backend Services:** To better scale and maintain the Backstage instances, a
  backend layer of services is planned to be introduced as part of the software
  architecture. This layer of backend services will help in decoupling the
  various modules (Catalog and Scaffolder just to quote some) from the front-end
  experience.
- **Security Plan (and Strategy):** The purpose of the Security Strategy is to
  move another step ahead along the path of the maturity of the platform,

>   setting the expectations of any adopters from a security point.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  setting the expectations of any adopters from a security standpoint.
```

- **Search GA:**.
- **[GraphQL](https://graphql.org/) support:** Introduce the ability to query
  Backstage backend services with a standard query language for APIs.
- **Telemetry:** To efficiently collect, store and analyse system and

>   application log data so that Backstage can be monitored and improved.

Reviewer 3: Hm the goal isn't really to collect/store/analyse things, is it? Isn't it to _generate_ logging and metrics in such a way that adopters can get insights?

Author: Reviewed the description. Thanks.

- Support auth providers: Google, Okta, GitHub, GitLab,
  [auth0](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/1611),
  [AWS](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/pull/1990)

- [Donate Backstage to the CNCF 🎉](https://backstage.io/blog/2020/09/23/backstage-cncf-sandbox)
- [TechDocs v1](https://backstage.io/blog/2020/09/08/announcing-tech-docs)
- [Plugin marketplace](https://backstage.io/plugins)
- [Improved and move documentation to backstage.io](https://backstage.io/docs/overview/what-is-backstage)
- [Backstage Software Catalog (alpha)](https://backstage.io/blog/2020/06/22/backstage-service-catalog-alpha)

> - [Backstage Software Templates (alpha)](https://backstage.io/blog/2020/08/05/announcing-backstage-software-templates)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- [Backstage Software Templates (beta)](https://backstage.io/blog/2021/07/26/software-templates-are-now-in-beta)
```
